# Swiggy-Case-Study-Using-SQL

## Swiggy Schema Tables : MetaData Description

<b>1. Delivery_Partner</b> :  <i>Contains information about Delivery Person.</i><br>

<b>2. Food</b> : <i>Contains information about Names and details of food types.</i><br>

<b>3. Menu</b> : <i>Contains information of the prices of each item on the restaurant's menu.</i><br>

<b>4. Order_Details</b> : <i>Contains details about each order that was created with the food details.</i><br> 

<b>5. Orders</b> : <i>Contains Details about the food, delivery details , order details and the order ratings.</i><br>

<b>6. Restaurants</b> : <i>Contains information about the restaurent and its cuisines</i><br>

<b>7. Users</b> : <i>Contains details about the customer.</i><br>

## Case Study Analysis Questions
<ul>
<li> Count of customers have not placed any orders. </li>
<li> Average price of each food type.  </li>
<li> Average price of food for each restaurant.  </li>
<li> Find the top restaurant in terms of the number of orders for all months.  </li>
<li> Find the top restaurant in terms of the number of orders for the month of June  </li>
<li> Restaurants with monthly revenue greater than <i>given_value</i>.  </li>
<li> Show all orders with order details for a particular customer in a particular date range.  </li>
<li> Restaurant with the highest number of repeat customers?  </li>
<li> Month-over-month revenue growth of swiggy.  </li>
<li> Top 3 ordered dish  </li>
<li> Month-over-month revenue growth of each restaurant.  </li>
<li> Overall revenue generated by the platform during a specific time period.  </li>
<li> Average order value per user?  </li>
<li> Average delivery time for each restaurant, and how does it affect customer satisfaction?  </li>
<li> Average rating for each restaurant and delivery partner?  </li>
<li> How do the ratings for restaurants and delivery partners correlate with customer retention?  </li>
<li> Which days and times see the highest order volume, and are there any patterns in user behavior?  </li>
<li> Count of orders delivered by each delivery partner and their average delivery rating?  </li>
<li> Distribution of delivery partners in the Delivery_Partner table? </li>
</ul>

## ORACLE SQL Techniques Used
1. Joins<br>
2. Ranking and Partition<br>
3. Rolling Sum<br>
4. Moving Average<br>
5. Descriptive Statistics<br>
6. CTE (Common Table Expression)<br>
7. DateTime Manipulation<br>
8. Grouping and Sorting<br>
9. Correlation<br>
10. Rounding<br>
11. Aggregation Functions<br>
12. Sub-Queries<br>
13. Other Analytical functions




